I'm pregnant.
Please take me to the hospital
Child his father
He didn't tell you anything?
Yaoyao, I miss you so much
I told myself 100 times
1,000 tablets not allowed
But I still want to see you
Are you drunk?
I'm more awake than anyone else.
Yaoyao
Shall we start over?
I shouldn't be jealous of you and Du Xinghe
Su Xiang should not be used
We are all princes
Too late why
Why? Why is this happening?
I don't understand either.
Why is Su Xiao pregnant with your child?
Child what child
I took him to the hospital
Accompanied him to the consultation room
I waited with him for the result.
Kyushu Luxuan, you won't forget before Kyushu
You and Su Xiaozheng are in sweet love
It's not Yaoyao, it's not like this
Su Xiao
If I were you
I'll explain
Where did the child come from between you and me
Mr. Lu, Mr. Lu, listen to my explanation
These are all misunderstandings
Mr. Lu
Listen to me explain slowly